Update repo readme (#1)
glesys/one-click-installers: README.md

> # GleSYS one-click installers [![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GleSYS One-Click Installers [![License: CC0-1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
```

> The scripts that powers the one-click installers on GleSYS Cloud (cloud.glesys.com).

## Guidelines

> 1. The one-click installer should be placed in a folder which is named after a rundown of what it does. Eg. `wordpress-nginx-mariadb`.

Reviewer 2: WIll there be such a directory soon? I do think I understand the sentinement but having a actual example to look at helps.

Author: I was thinking that it would be clear if you look at the existing folders in the repo. But it might be smart to maybe create a `example-folder` folder?

> 2. The folder should include a `cloudconfig.yaml`, which should include the cloud-init code. And a `README.md`, which should include a summary of what it does.

Reviewer: In the cloud-init documentation as well as in the examples "cloud config" is always written as `Cloud config` or `cloud-config`. I think it would make sense to name the file `cloud-config.yml` (also matches the `#cloud-config` prefix within the file).

> 3. Include other license in your `README.md` if the repo license isn't applicable for your contribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Include other license information in your `README.md` if the global license isn't applicable for your contribution (see License section below).
```

4. When your cloud-init is merged, it still has to be integrated in the GleSYS Cloud interface. This doesn't happen automatically.

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/yourname/yourproject/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## License

> GleSYS one-click installers is open-sourced software licensed under the [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en). Separate one-click installers may use other licenses and if so, they should be visible in their `README.md`.

Reviewer 2: It would be good if it was at all possible to have the license notice in the actual cloudinit file instead of in a readme alongside it. If the cloudinit file get distributed it's much more likely to retain the license notice in that case.

Other than that I am more than fine with this approach.

Author: Agree. It should suffice to include the license in the `cloudconfig.yaml` file. The `README.md` might be superfluous if the `cloudconfig.yaml` also can include a comment about what it does.

Reviewer 3: The format for the documentation will change later down the road. I think it is nice to separate the documentation from the actual cloud-config, to make it easier to use in cloud.

I guess we could add license information as a comment to the cloud-config file. I'm fine with whatever.
